clarify guild.nsfw_level (#3194)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Guild.md

###### Guild NSFW Level

| Level          | Value   | Description                                                                                    |
| -------------- | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| DEFAULT        | 0       | default or unset                                                                               |
| EXPLICIT       | 1       | guild has very suggestive and/or mature content that would only be suitable for users ages 18+ |

> | SAFE           | 2       | guild has no content that could be deemed NSFW                                                 |

Reviewer: Could also be placed:
`in other words, SFW`.

> | AGE_RESTRICTED | 3       | guild has mild NSFW content that may not be suitable for users ages 13-17                      |

Reviewer 2: I'm probably poking at semantics here, but...

```suggestion
| AGE_RESTRICTED | 3       | guild has mild NSFW content that may not be suitable for users under 18                        |
```

This reads better to me.
